Main Content:

Welcome to The Lady

Who is the lady? ME of course, but what is The Lady? Its a blog, my own personal journal online.
This blog is not all about me but also about you, YES YOU TOO. So WELCOME all aspiring Programmers,
this will become your second home. Explore all the luxuries in this website, check out my profile -- link --
and find out more about me - Oh by the way my name is Nelly Moseki(if you didn't know by now). Want to know what I've
been up to in the past 4 years, why hesitate, checkout my -- links-- accomplishments thus far and projects I've been engrossed in. 

--- place several pictures of me moving every after 5 seconds (JavaScript)---

As previously stated, this is your home too,so do make yourself at home and check out some really interesting eBooks 
in my Tutorials page. -- link --

LATES NEWS IN THE INDUSTRY!

This month we concerntrate on the latest iPhone. Incredible device isn't they. I need to get one of my own one of these
days. How do we keep up with this technology? I really don't know, just months ago all attention drifted toward Sumsang Galaxies,
and now they are almost for the knackers.LOL, you've got to love I.T one minute you in the next without knowledge, you out.
WE MUST ALWAYS BE ON OUR TOES...Lets take a look at the following devices, discuss briefly their features, compare them and
see which one is better than the other i.e pros and con's if you will.

--- images here that show the back and front of the cellphones when mouse is hovered ---
--- images are hyperlinked ---
--- place like and dislike icons (PHP) ---

Sidebar Content:

--- image of the novel that I amd currently reading, which inspired the name of the website ---

THE LADY
The stunning saga of love, ambition, revenge and a magnificent heroine as well as the sacrifices success brings with it.
Life has everything to offer Gina Rossi, Daughter of a successful restuarant-owner, she's young, spirited and beautiful 
- until her world falls apart hwne her father is accused of anti-facist sentiments.Overnight, the Rossis are cast out,
persecuted - and sent into exile in a living hell - a hell from which Gina only escapes by paying the highest possible price.
A price for which someone, someday would pay. Sweeping from Mossolini's Rome, to bombed-out London, from New York in bust and boom
to the birth of Las Vegas. THE LADY is a triumphant novel from -- link -- Allan Stratton, an author of three previous bestselling novels - 
THE EMPIRE BUILDERS, THE PEDDLERS and THE HUNTERS. He lives near -- link --Nottingham.


--- image of the author ---
--- provide brief biography and a read more link to thier website ---



Colours:

#610B21 - dark maroon,
#848484 - outertable background,
#2E2E2E - charcoal,
#610B5E - purple,
#585858 - dark gray,
#210B61 - dark blue,
#610B0B - mid-dark maroon, 
#610B21 - dark maroon,
#DF0101 - red,
#0B4C5F - teal,
#0B3B2E - dark green,
#868A08 - gold,
#8A084B - nice pink,
#771213 - font color,
#134134134 - background of links (MS Paint);




